README.md, before:

# cloudwatch-to-slack
a lambda function that expands on what AWS provides as a blueprint
for slack messages from cloudwatch alarms

## What's Different?
Messages have "attachments" so there is a colored side bar based on what
the alarm has changed from 

green -> new state is 'OK'

red -> new state is 'ALARM'

orange -> new state is 'INSUFFICIENT_DATA'

There is also a lot more detailed information in each message such as the trigger, reason, state change, alarm description, and alarm name

The messages are formatted in a way that is easy to read and easier to respond to. 

## What you need for the function
You need to have an AWS role that has the 
'AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole' attached to it as well as 
a role that can do KMS decrytion. If you need that policy,
here it is:

    {    
     "Version": "2012-10-17",
     "Statement": [
        {
        
            "Sid": "Stmt1443036478000",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "kms:Decrypt"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:517592134955:key/99ac5342-2b1c-42e8-8080-f8ac7d8b0abb"
            ]
          }
       ]   
     }

You also need two environment variables attached to your Lambda function:

channelName: the slack channel name that the message will be posted in

kmsEncryptedHook: the KMS encrypted webhook URL from the slack URL

### To get a KMS key and encrypt the Slack webhook URL
You will need to generate a KMS key from here:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/create-keys.html

Create a key from there and then click on the encryption information tab of the environment variables

You only want to encrypt the webhook URL as the channel name does not need to be encrypted.

Commit message:

updated README and lambda_function.py to have options for unencrypted hookUrl

README.md, after:

# cloudwatch-to-slack
a lambda function that expands on what AWS provides as a blueprint
for slack messages from cloudwatch alarms

## What's Different?
Messages have "attachments" so there is a colored side bar based on what
the alarm has changed from 

green -> new state is 'OK'

red -> new state is 'ALARM'

orange -> new state is 'INSUFFICIENT_DATA'

There is also a lot more detailed information in each message such as the trigger, reason, state change, alarm description, and alarm name

The messages are formatted in a way that is easy to read and easier to respond to. 

There's also an option to not have a KMS encrypted webhook if that isn't something you need or want

## What you need for the function (if you want KMS encryption)
You need to have an AWS role that has the 
'AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole' attached to it as well as 
a role that can do KMS decrytion. If you need that policy,
here it is:

    {    
     "Version": "2012-10-17",
     "Statement": [
        {
        
            "Sid": "Stmt1443036478000",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "kms:Decrypt"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:517592134955:key/99ac5342-2b1c-42e8-8080-f8ac7d8b0abb"
            ]
          }
       ]   
     }

You also need two environment variables attached to your Lambda function:

channelName: the slack channel name that the message will be posted in (ie: general)

kmsEncryptedHook: the KMS encrypted webhook URL from the slack URL

OR

hookUrl: just the webhook URL without the https:// protocol before the URL

    If you want this, no need to read the next section, just create another environment variable
    that will 

### To get a KMS key and encrypt the Slack webhook URL
You will need to generate a KMS key from here:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/create-keys.html

Create a key from there and then click on the encryption information tab of the environment variables

You only want to encrypt the webhook URL as the channel name does not need to be encrypted.
